# JT Lab Trader## DependenciesTo run the application, you need Node.js v18.x and [Redis](https://redis.io).___## InstallationClone the repository along with the [jt-lib](https://github.com/xsystems8/jt-lib) submodule:```bashgit clone --recurse-submodules git@github.com:xsystems8/jtl-env.git```Go to the project directory and install dependencies:```bashcd jtl-env && yarn```---## Environment SetupCreate a `.env` file in the root directory of the project by copying the contents of `.env.example`, and specify the values for the following environment variables:| Variable              | Description                                                                                                                               ||-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|| `PORT`                | The port on which the application will run.                                                                                               || `STRATEGY_FILES_PATH` | **Absolute path** to the directory containing the strategy source code. Example: `/<project-root>/strategy-source/src`                    || `ROLLUP_TS_CONFIG`    | Path to the `tsconfig.json` file used for building strategies.                                                                            || `MARKETS_FILE_PATH`   | Path to the JSON file with the available markets configuration. This file will be created automatically when the app starts.              || `ARTIFACTS_DIR_PATH`  | Path to the directory for storing strategy reports. This directory will be created automatically when the app starts.                     || `HISTORY_BARS_PATH`   | Path to the directory for storing downloaded historical data (candles). This directory will be created automatically when the app starts. || `DATABASE_URL`        | **Absolute path** to the SQLite database file. It will be created automatically when the app starts.                                      || `LOGS_DIR_PATH`       | Path to the directory for storing strategy execution logs. This directory will be created automatically when the app starts.              || `SITE_API_HOST`       | Base URL of the site's API.                                                                                                               || `ENGINE_MODE`         | Trading engine mode. Possible values: `both`, `realtime`, `tester`.                                                                       || `STANDALONE_APP`      | Set to `1` if the app is running in standalone (local) mode.                                                                              || `REDIS_URL`           | Redis database connection URL. Used for caching. Can be omitted if Redis is running locally.                                              |---## Build and RunTo build the project, run:```bashyarn build:prod```To start the application in production mode:```bashyarn start:prod```---